1- Java
Java uses a compiler, and is an object-oriented language released in 1995. It is a well-organized language with a strong library of reusable software components.Also programs written in Java can run on many different computer architectures and operating systems because of the use of the JVM (Java virtual machine).
The similarity between Java and C# is that both are object-riented and class based.Both of the languages use garbage collection, have Unicode support and in both all objects are references.
The main difference is that Java can be run on any operating system, while C# typically requires Windows and .Net framework.
2- C
C is a compiled, procedural language developed in 1972 by Dennis Ritchie for use in the UNIX operating system.C is a relatively old language, it is still widely used for system programming, writing other programming languages, and in embedded systems.The strenght of "C" the speed of work.
The similarity between C# and C is that both of the languages use similiar syntax.
C# and C have some differences one of which is that C# have much simpler syntax. Another one is that C is not objective-oriented language.
3- C++
C++ is a compiled, multi-paradigm language written as an update to C in 1979 by Bjarne Stroustrup, it brings object-orientation, which helps in larger projects.Despite it's age, C++ is used to create a wide array of applications from games to office suites.
C++ is similar to C# because both languages are object oriented, aslo the syntax of C++ is very similar to C#.
Applications built in C# may not perform as well when compared with C++.C# has an intrusive garbage collector, reference tracking and other overheads with some of the framework services.
4- PHP
PHP uses a run-time interpreter, and is a multi-paradigm language originally developed in 1996 by Rasmus Lerdorf to create dynamic web pages.It is fully featured object-oriented programming language.PHP is the most popular language used to write web applications.
PHP is similar to C# because it is object-orientet language.
The major  differences between PHP and C# is that PHP is a dynamic and interpreted while C# is static and needs to be compiled.
5- VB
VB (Visual Basic) is an interpreted, multi-paradigm language developed by Microsoft Corporation for the Windows platform.Visual Basic is a good language for scripting Windows applications that do not need the power and speed of C#.
Both languages reference the same Base Classes of the .Net Framework to extend their functionality.
C# and Visual Basic are syntactically very different, also there are differences in the programming constructs.