1. CodeLite

An Open-Source, cross-platform IDfor C+ and C++ coding languages, CodeLite works on all major platforms.
CodeLite offers a variety of features, including two built-in completion engines, compilers, refactoring, code navigation and more.

2.Code::Blocks

Code::Blocks, an extensible and fully configurable IDE designed to support its users most demanding needs, supports C, C++ and Fortran.
It provides a consistent look, feel and operation across all platforms for seamless transitions between work spaces, and it’s built around a plug-in framework, providing a multitude of options for extension.
It’s open-source and offers cross-platform functionality with no hidden costs.
It supports: C, C++, Fortran

3.Eclipse

Many development frameworks are built on Eclipse, a free, open-source editor that was initially a Java environment but a variety of plug-ins have extended its capabilities considerably.
Eclipse is an integrated development environment (IDE). It contains a base workspace and an extensible plug-in system for customizing the environment.
Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop applications.
By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse may also be used to develop applications in other programming languages:
Ada, ABAP, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Natural, Perl, PHP, Prolog, Python, R, Ruby (including Ruby on Rails framework), Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang.
It can also be used to develop packages for the software Mathematica. Development environments include the Eclipse Java development tools (JDT) for Java and Scala, Eclipse CDT for C/C++ and Eclipse PDT for PHP, among others.

4.NetBeans

NetBeans is an IDE for developing primarily with Java, but also with other languages, in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5.
It is also an application platform framework for Java desktop applications and others.
The NetBeans IDE is written in Java and can run on Windows, OS X, Linux, Solaris and other platforms supporting a compatible JVM.

5.Komodo IDE

Komodo is a comprehensive IDE that supports all major programming languages, providing a single tool that meets your development needs across the spectrum.
Whether you’re working with Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, HTML, CSS or JavaScript, Komodo provides a clean, intuitive interface with advanced editing capabilities and integrated tools for the most functionality.
It supports: Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, HTML, CSS and JavaScript 